Added one more Data Structure - Arrays (#111)
TheAlgorithms/Algorithms-Explanation: en/Data Structures/Arrays/array.md

# Arrays

> Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. They contain a group of a fixed number of elements that occupy the same space in memory. I.e., the memory occupied is known at compile time. Thus arrays are stored in the stack, and their values can be saved and retrieved very quickly in `O(1)` time. Languages like `Rust` which allows `enums` in Arrays, each element occupies the maximum space which could be required by it.

Reviewer: The memory occupied is not necessarily known at compile time. This depends on your array definition; Go calls arrays with fixed length at compile time arrays and arrays with "fixed" length at runtime slices.

Author: Considering that we are defining array size while initialization then memory size will be fixed. I think by stack @raklaptudirm mean some kind of pile. And the rust is just to take as an example of variant that also exist ig. 😕

Reviewer: > Considering that we are defining array size while initialization then memory size will be fixed. I think by stack @raklaptudirm mean some kind of pile. And the rust is just to take as an example of variant that also exist ig. confused

Memory size will usually be fixed, yes. But note that stack != heap. Java stores objects, including arrays, on the heap.

Author: Yeah, stack is not used generally for dynamic size variables.

> Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. They contain a group of a fixed number of elements which occupy the same space in memory, i.e., the memory occupied is known at compile time. Thus arrays are stored in the stack and it's values can be saved and retrieved very quickly, in `O(1)` time. Languages like `Rust` which allows for `enums` in Arrays, each element occupies the maximum space which could be required by it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. They contain a group of a fixed number of elements that occupy the same space in memory. I.e., the memory occupied is known at compile time. Thus arrays are stored in the stack, and their values can be saved and retrieved very quickly in `O(1)` time. Languages like `Rust` which allows `enums` in Arrays, each element occupies the maximum space which could be required by it.
```

All arrays consist of contiguous memory locations. We can access the elements with their index. The lowest address corresponds to the first element, and the highest address to the last element.

# Source

> - [Introduction to arrays](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-arrays/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Introduction to arrays - GeeksForGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-arrays/)
```

# YouTube

> - [Video Tutorial](https://youtu.be/NptnmWvkbTw)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [YouTube URL tutorial video](https://youtu.be/NptnmWvkbTw)
```

> - [Video for understanding Arrays in C++](https://youtu.be/ibeGtDEQGz0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [YouTube video for understanding Arrays in C++](https://youtu.be/ibeGtDEQGz0)
```

# Arrays

Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. Arrays are data structures that contain a group of elements. Typically these elements are all of the same data type, such as `char` or `int`.\

> All arrays consist of contiguous memory locations. We can access the elements with their index. The lowest address corresponds to the first element and the highest address to the last element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All arrays consist of contiguous memory locations. We can access the elements with their index. The lowest address corresponds to the first element, and the highest address to the last element.

```

# Arrays

> Arrays are most basic data structures used in programming. Arrays are the data structures that contains group of elements. Typically these elements are all of the same data type, such as char or an int.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. Arrays are data structures that contain a group of elements. Typically these elements are all of the same data type, such as `char` or `int`.\
```

> Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. Arrays are data structures that contain a group of elements. Typically these elements are all of the same data type, such as `char` or `int`.\

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. They contain a group of a fixed number of elements which occupy the same space in memory, i.e., the memory occupied is known at compile time. Thus arrays are stored in the stack and it's values can be saved and retrieved very quickly, in `O(1)` time. Languages like `Rust` which allows for `enums` in Arrays, each element occupies the maximum space which could be required by it.
```

> Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. Arrays are data structures that contain a group of elements. Typically these elements are all of the same data type, such as `char` or `int`.\

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Arrays are the most basic data structures used in programming. They contain a group of a fixed number of elements which occupy the same space in memory, i.e., the memory occupied is known at compile time. Thus arrays are stored in the stack and it's values can be saved and retrieved very quickly, in `O(1)` time. Languages like `Rust` which allows for `enums` in Arrays, each element occupies the maximum space which could be required by it.
```

All arrays consist of contiguous memory locations. We can access the elements with their index. The lowest address corresponds to the first element, and the highest address to the last element.

<p align="center">
    <img width="60%" src="https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/images/arrays.jpg">
</p>

> **Array Declaration**

Reviewer 3: The declaration, initialization works for only certain c-like languages. Would consider removing them.

Reviewer 3: Also do this for the Array initialization and element access. They are not important nor unique to arrays.

Author: Done👍🏻

> type is the datatype of array elements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`type` is the datatype of the array elements
```

**Array Initialization**
`int array1[] = {1,2,3};`

**Accessing Elements of Array**
`int variable1 = array[0];`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

# Source

> - [Arrays introduction](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-arrays/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Introduction to arrays](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-arrays/)
```
